gh-113626: Add allow_code parameter in marshal functions (#113648)
python/cpython: Doc/library/marshal.rst

:mod:`shelve`.  The :mod:`marshal` module exists mainly to support reading and
writing the "pseudo-compiled" code for Python modules of :file:`.pyc` files.
Therefore, the Python maintainers reserve the right to modify the marshal format
in backward incompatible ways should the need arise.
The format of code objects is not compatible between Python versions,
even if the version of the format is the same.

> De-serializing a code object in wrong Python version has undefined behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
De-serializing a code object in the incorrect Python version has undefined behavior.
```

Author: Thank you for your correction @eendebakpt.
